a) What variables can be derived out of the data which can be helpful?
Ans:- We derived various variables from the given dataset:-
1) Create new fields based on our existing data using various calculations. 
for example:- revenue, sales, average, total discount.
2) Convert the text date to numeric.
3) Extracting components like day of the week, month and also year can be useful for analyzing tends over the time.
4) Summarize the data to create new metrics like average, sum, count, revenue etc to provide deeper insights into the data.
5) Calculate growth rates over week over week, month to month, year over year changes can provide insights into trends.

b) Who can use this dashboard ?
Ans:- Anyone having access to the Power BI dashboard can use it. They have been given the necessary permissions by the dashboard creator or the administrator. users can interact with the visualizations, drill down into details, apply various filters and explore the data.

c) What value would be generated by using this dashboard?
Ans:-Using Power BI dashboard  we can generate various insights and values depending on the given data and its visualizations including. 
For Example:- 
1) Key Performance Indicators(KPI's): Track the KPI's such as customer satisfaction scores, revenue, price, discount, etc.
2) Comparisons: Compare the performance between different brands, products, category, sub-category, different time-period time zone etc.
3) Trends and Patterns: Identify the different patterns and trends in the given data over time across different states and countries.
4) Segmentation:- Segment the given data based on the different criteria to understand the nature of users groups and their ID's and product categories.

d) What additional data can be helpful to add more insights and value to the team?
Ans:- Various additional we add to the Power BI dashboard to make more interactive and enhance depth and add more insights and value to the team:-
1) Customer Feedback: Include the feedback of the users/customers from the surveys, reviews, ratings or social media to understand the customer sentiments and their choices and preferences.
2) External Data Sources: Collect data from external sources such as market trends, competitor analysis, economic indicators or social media platforms metrics to provide a broader context for decision making.
3) Predictive Analytics: Use predictive analytics models to forecast future trends and outcomes based on historical data, enable the proactive decision-making.
4) Real-Time Data: Include real-time data streams to provide up-to-date insights and enable time to time decision making.
5) Financial data: Incorporate financial data such as budget versus actual data, cash flow statements or profitability analysis to track the financial performance data to identify operational inefficiencies or areas for improvement.